Uh, can I ask you, uh, in terms of, um, you know,
the deep state and conspiracy theories, there's a lot of talk about, so again,
from an outsider's perspective, if I were just looking at Twitter,
it seems that at least 90% of people in government are pedophiles.
<laugh> that 90, 90, 90 5%. I'm not sure what that number,
but if I were to just look at Twitter, honestly, or YouTube,
I would think most of the world is a pedophile. I would almost be like.
Right. And if you don't fully believe that you're a pedophile <laugh> yeah.
Yeah. I'll start to wonder like, wait, am I like, what am I a pedophile too?
Like I'm either communist or a pedophile or both, I guess. Yeah.
That's gonna be clipped out. Thank you, internet. <laugh>
I look forward to your emails. Uh,
but is there any kind of shadow conspiracy
theories that, uh, give you pause or, um,
so the flip side, the response to a lot of conspiracy theories, it's like, no,
the reason this happened is because it's a combination of just incompetence.
So where do you land on some of these, uh, conspiracy theories?
I think most conspiracy theories are wrong. Some are true,
and those are spectacularly true. And if that makes sense. Yeah. Um,
I, and we don't know which ones.
Though. I don't know which ones.
That's the problem. I think O well, I mean, look, man,
I listened to your podcast.
I think I was a huge nonbeliever in UFOs and now I've probably
never believed more in U like, I, I, I believe in UFOs. Yeah.
Like I'm very comfortable being like, not only do I believe in UFOs,
like I think we're probably being visited by an alien civilization. Like,
and if you asked me that three years ago, I would've been like,
you're outta your mind. Like, what are you talking about? Well,
listen to David Frager. That's all I have to say. That's it?
Well, I, I have the sense that the government has information hasn't revealed,
but it's not like they're, I don't think they're holding. There's like a,
a green guy sitting there in a room. Exactly. They just, they have seen things.
They don't know what to do with, so it's like, they're confused. Like they're.
Afraid. Yeah. Of, of revealing that they don't know. That's what I think.
It's right.
It's revealing the, yeah, exactly. They don't know. And then in the process,
there's a lot of fears tied up in that first looking incompetent in the public
eye. Nobody wants to be, uh, looked at way.
And the other is like in revealing it, even though they don't know,
maybe China will figure it out. Exactly. <laugh> so, like,
we don't want China to figure it out first.
And so that all those kinds of things result in basically secrecy,
then that damages the trust and institutions on one of the most fascinating
aspects.
Like one of the most fascinating mysteries of humankind of is their
life intelligent life out there in the universe. So that's one of them,
but there there's other ones like, uh, for me, when I first came across,
actually Alex Jones mm-hmm <affirmative> was, uh, nine 11. Yeah.
I remember like, uh, cause I was, um, I was in Chicago. I was thinking like,
oh, are they gonna hit Chicago too? <laugh> that's what everybody was thinking.
Yeah. Everybody, everybody was thinking like, what does this mean at what scale?
What? I mean, trying to interpret it. And I remember like looking for,
for information desperate, like what, what happened? Mm-hmm <affirmative> what,
and I remember not being satisfied with the quality of reporting and
figuring out like rigorous, like here's exactly what happened.
And so people like Alex Jones stepped up and others that said like,
there's some shady going on and it sure as hell looked like there's shady it
going on. Yes. Uh, so like,
and I still stand behind the fact that it seems like there's not,
I there's not enough in like,
it wasn't good job of being honest and transparent and all those kinds of
things. Well, cause it would implicate.
The Saudis. Let's be honest. Right. See that's that's my conspiracy theories.
I'm like, yeah.
I think they covered up a lot of stuff because they wanted to cover up for the
kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Like, and then, I mean, that is a,
that was a conspiracy theory. Not that long ago. I think it's true. I,
you never think it's a hundred percent true.